Add Webhook Events documentation (#135)
smallstep/docs: src/pages/docs/platform/events.mdx

Events power alerting for certificate lifecycle activities. 
Used to help administrators operate the Smallstep Platform, 
Events can be generated and surfaced via standard mechanisms. 
Events are a feature of the commercial [Smallstep Certificate Manager](https://smallstep.com/certificate-manager/) offering.

# Webhook Events

> The Webhook Events allow for real-time logging of SSH sessions, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webhook Events allow for real-time logging of SSH sessions, 

```

certificate creation, and certificate expirations events.
You can use Webhook Events to:

- **Alert on certificate expiry** - Prevent certificate expiry related outages with proactive notifications on upcoming expirations.
- **Stream events to monitoring solutions** - Push detailed certificate information to third-party monitoring and alerting systems.
- **Monitor certificate operations** - Ensure your automated certificate toolchain is operating as expected.

## Webhook Event Types
We currently have four webhook event types, namely:

- **SSH**: Sends a webhook event for SSH start and stop sessions and user change events.

> - **Expiration**: Sends a webhook event for Certificate Manager when a certificate is within the last 25% of its lifetime and when it expires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Expiration**: Sends a webhook event for Certificate Manager when a certificate is within the last 25% of its lifetime, and again when it expires.

```

> - **Certificate**: Sends a webhook event for Certificate Manager with basic cert details whenever a certificate is created or expires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Certificate**: Sends a webhook event for Certificate Manager with basic certificate details whenever a certificate is created or expires.

```

> - **All**: Send events for everything above for both SSH and Certificate Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **All**: Sends events for everything above, for both SSH and Certificate Manager.

```

**Note**: <em>We do not send certificate expiration events for OIDC certificates, to minimize noise, since they're usually short-lived. However, certificate creation events for such certificates will always be sent.</em>

## Using Webhook Events

> To register a webhook event:
> 
> 1. Go to Settings > webhooks
> 2. Provide necessary information as shown below:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To register a webhook, go to Settings > Webhooks and fill out the form as shown below:

```

    ![image](/graphics/webhook-events-demo.png 'Webhook Events Requirements')

## Webhook Events Response Formats

> For the different webhook events, here are examples and details of the response data you should expect to receive:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are examples of the response data you should expect to receive for each webhook event type:

```
